Now Lodash is just one library, a very popular one but absolutely not the only one,
there are thousands of available Javascript utility libraries, for Javascript in the browser but also
for Javascript on Node.js
and as I said this concept exists not just for Javascript but for all programming languages you could
say.
In addition, the complexity of the library differs,
it can be something like Lodash which offers a bunch of utility functions,
it can be something else which allows you to write Javascript in a brand new way.
There also are Javascript frameworks which are basically very large libraries, like Vue.js
React or Angular, due to their complexity we'll have a look at those in a separate module though but we'll
also cover this,
these would be very big libraries. Typically when you say library, you mean something a bit smaller which
focuses on one core task,
in the case of Lodash it focuses on giving you a bunch of utility features and it is really good
at that typically.
Another popular Javascript library for example would be JQuery.
It was very popular around 2010, 11, 12 and it still is heavily used but it was more important
in the past because JQuery actually made working with the DOM, adding elements, querying elements
way easier. Now since then, since the early days of JQuery, Javascript has come a long way and nowadays
it's really easy to work with the DOM, traverse the DOM, work with CSS classes there and so on with
native DOM APIs
which is why you don't really need JQuery as often these days but you still might encounter it in a
lot of tutorials and threads on the Internet you find and therefore you should be aware of it.
It's a Javascript library which you add to your project basically as you added Lodash by downloading
it or by using a CDN, as you see down there and then JQuery is not about giving you utility functions
like getting the difference of two arrays but it gives you a lot of functions that help you work with
the DOM and that can also be interesting
but again as I said, basically all of that can nowadays also be done with the core Javascript APIs you
learned about in this course.
So you might not need that but you should be aware of it.